Fixing the 'setup a code' documentation page (#3049)
aiidateam/aiida_core: docs/source/get_started/codes.rst

and you will be guided through a process to setup your code.

   
.. tip:: The setup will ask you a few pieces of information. At every prompt, you can
   type the ``?`` character and press ``<enter>`` to get a more detailed
   explanation of what is being asked. 
     
You will be asked for:

* **Label**:  A label to refer to this code. Note: this label is not enforced
  to be unique. However, if you try to keep it unique, at least within
  the same computer, you can use it later
  to refer and use to your code. Otherwise, you need to remember its ID or UUID.

* **Description**: A human-readable description of this code (for instance "Quantum
  Espresso v.5.0.2 with 5.0.3 patches, pw.x code, compiled with openmpi")

* **Default calculation input plugin**: A string that identifies the default input plugin to
  be used to generate new calculations to use with this code.
  This string has to be a valid string recognized by the ``CalculationFactory``
  function. To get the list of all available Calculation plugin strings,

>   use the ``verdi plugin list aiida.calculations`` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use the ``verdi plugin list aiida.calculations`` command.
```

  
* **Installed on target computer**: either True (for local codes) or False (for remote
  codes). For the meaning of the distinction, see above. Depending
  on your choice, you will be asked for:

  * REMOTE CODES:
  

>     * **Remote computer name**: The computer name as on which the code resides,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **Remote computer name**: The computer name on which the code resides,
```

      as configured and stored in the AiiDA database
      
    * **Remote absolute path**: The (full) absolute path of the code executable
      on the remote machine, *including the name of the executable*.
  
  * LOCAL CODES:

    * **Local directory containing the code**: The absolute path where the executable and all other 
      files needed to run the code are stored; these will be copied over to 
      the remote computers for every submitted calculation.
    * **Relative path of executable inside code folder**: The relative path of the executable
      file inside the folder entered in the previous step.
  

    
At the end of these steps, you will be prompted to edit a script,
and you will have the opportunity to include ``bash`` commands that will
be executed *before* running the submission script (after the 
'pre execution script' lines) and *after* running the submission script 
(after the 'Post execution script' separator).
This is intended for code-dependent settings, for instance to load modules or set variables 

> that are needed for the code to be. For example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are needed by the code. For example::
```
